c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll.config
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.pdb
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.dll
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.pdb
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.Migrations.first.resources
c:\users\shimaa\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll.config
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.pdb
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.dll
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.pdb
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.Migrations.s.resources
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\hp\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.Migrations.s1.resources
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll.config
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.pdb
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.dll
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.pdb
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.Migrations.s.resources
C:\Users\Safa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll.config
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.pdb
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.dll
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.pdb
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.Migrations.s.resources
C:\Users\Shimaa\Desktop\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll.config
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\GPromice.pdb
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Owin.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.dll
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.pdb
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.Migrations.first.resources
F:\backupMVC\GPromice\GPromice\obj\Debug\GPromice.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
